I guess you noticed already... This was never a
game! I just threw random circles at you and gave
you a random amount of points every time you
clicked! Sometimes I was even substracting them
from you and you didn't even notice! But do you
even realize the philosophical implications of this?
You were PLAYING something that isn't even a
GAME! Just a randomly generated short film
	about circles over a cool beat (check Fantom
	out btw)! This really makes me think about
	agency and the importance it has (...)

*defining what videogames are as an art medium.
We've always understood games as being
inherently interactive, but maybe the one and only
condition for them to be considered games is not
that they shall be indeed interactive, but that they
shall be PERCEIVED as interactive by the player
(Mallon, B. 2007)! What just happened is extremely
	interesting. As an author I was counting on the
	player to assume he has some kind of control
	over the game as you probably did, because the
	whole message fails if you didn't and just (...)
	
*stood there staring at the screen. And precisely,
the power that games have over films is the fact
that they can deliver their messages through the
gameplay and not the narrative only, making you
reflect on the choices you made and inserting you
as a player inside the work of art and its conclusion
(have you played Hotline Miami?). So the fact you
	tried to play this game that isn't a game at all is
	what makes the idea behind it true, making it
	(funnily enough) a good game which asserts its
	message through the choices YOU make. (...)
	
*Why a good game? because it couldn't work as a
film or a short comic, it has to be "playable" in
order to prove that games don't have to be actually
playable to be good games. Are you still there? I'm
glad somebody read through all of this. As a little
reward, I'll give you a tiny bit of real agency. Here's
a button to make me shut up and end the game. If
you don't press it, I'll keep periodically saying stuff
	until God knows when since the moment
	you click anywhere.
	
*Of course the leaderboards is fake! Do you know
how bad you have to suck at clicking to get scores
that low? It's basically just my friends. Thanks to
y'all for your support!

*Besides, it's a game jam, I don't have the time to
spend on making a real high score online count.
I already spent it all on making a random circle
generator.

*I really hope this is being streamed by the jam host.

*Did you know this is kind of a follow-up of a game
a friend and I made for another jam? Why is every
jam theme about tricking the player?

*Yes, this is obviously inspired by Doki Doki.
And no, this time I'm not in love with you.

*I'm actually doing a Philosophy "paper" on this
topic. That reference before is part of my 
bibliography.

*Check out blackwinterwells music! I'm not related
to her, she's just great.

*Anyone else still uses the legacy Unity UI instead
of the new TextMeshPro? Maybe I'm just too lazy
to learn how it works, I don't know.

*You must really like me if you haven't pressed the
button already.

*There's a 1/200 chance of the score just displaying
"SIKE". If I coded it correctly, of course. The code
is on my GitHub, if you wanna check it out.

*I'm actually Spanish! I hope you didn't notice
English is not my native language. 

*I hope you went grabbing a mouse when you saw
it was "highly recommended". Not that it matters
at all, but I had to make you believe it!

*So you either pressed the button or waited all that
time. In the first case, I played you again! You just
skipped monologue that you could simply not have
looked at, so that doesn't count as agency either.
Why would you even want a button to end the
game when you could just close the tab? And
since you also have the "close tab" button in
non-interactive videos, it wouldn't have been real
	agency even if it did work. I won't give you the
	pleasure of saying something like "since it
	seems you don't like me" because it would (...)
	
*Give you the feeling of your decision of pressing
the button having some kind of impact over
whichever piece of my code you perceive as my
"emotions". Truth is I was just going to display this
text anyway. No agency for you. I'll just leave, not
because you chose it but because I'm coded that
way, and you can stay here thinking about the
need of something being a game for you to be able
	to play it. Just close the tab when you're done
	thinking. Bye!
